The type I want is 1 and there everything
right here talking and be very well
coming to yet another pec but looking for the
happiness here on the galley channel
we are there with cristiano ronaldo hiro 97
my brother, we also have alcohol before
kagawa and of course he is beyond him here looks
here of the selection of the week
finally the precision of the championship
English, people then, without any delay is the
next I open five is not one is 2003
is not four are five packets and and
five fifty car packages already lec
The first poor kid here is 250
Houses to see if we can
someone
Come on people it's today, it's going today.
someone on the bus in the
first to even improvement and throwing him
Look, this is what the players already have.
improvement and scholar means just get
that I'll take the studio too
put on the list and for the rest of the era
My brother was already going to put it here
Our club just told you, huh?
that comes well all top players
level is gold, right?
and more exclusive in a single for mac
12 players pure and rare to take to
one more little foot then in the first goal and
not liking is here looking at our pec
Blue is back and now it's now.
now that Negredo jam coming now
human negredo comes nagatomo in all this
inside my house and saw negredo jam is
joking came the only one who
There was galera there to end there is to
finish and goal of oscar galera I'll have
that sell the whole world
so far there have been two open tags in
simply and nothing nothing nothing
there is nothing that comes human I'm up to
so thinking you do not see anything in this popular
The next summer, there's to be there.
end
It's to end up with cheese from the mines.
morning as a good crocodile friend says and
I wonder what you feel when
anyone you're connected
being able to here for me, my
face of discouragement discourages all that
get in here fucking popular exchange
is that finally for this damn thing
ti-ti-ti off scission there yes hand
then yes fucking tava not reading this guy
here is the first hand of nepam we'll see
here is in the market compare price or
clothing and yes 150 grandson miner by
minimum at 560 but at least see the top
Seriously, I'm talking this fucking morning.
then yes but then I started to stay
impotent
if I could sell for the price
minimum would be more or less
they keep 200 khan
The guy is costing us 160 here already.
earned started stealing gujão now is that
Somebody, right now, somebody has to come.
now a popular dwarf and not jump
there was nobody all fucking lekman in the
team so then I'm quiet celebrate
human chic airplane aguero and speaks
blue economy blue 9b rhea first
pray prays night is in the market of 300 to
Cane man, it's cool, there are people.
selling it already from 300 to 500 to 61 and pa
but it was worth the human and here it is worth
I liked how I explained here I liked it
two excellent excellent excellent touches
great
nóis is sent upload to the club there
The rest we discard, I liked it, but I hope
that has not ruled out anyone
important there, because another I did not see
in a TV the messi came someone bomb or
Vita turned on a look here in both
little boys on the two little boys look there
Remarketing relating to trim
income year- end excellent
if you liked this safe and wait
but we'll pop this pencil box
How many lights can we get?
arriving usually can reach a thousand
and 200 thousand and 300 thousand and 500 now with two
I totti how many there we can
reach 3,000 leaves a challenge for
you
leave your like for me to bring more
bank on the channel and if you go I 'll go here
feel free to click the button
Enroll if I 'm staying here.
A big hug to you and I went
and there everything is right here talking
This is very welcome to the company
that of touches in search of happiness
looking for a touch for our team